gamer spawn
call of duty ghosts is announced and
here we go again with yearly iterations
drop me a line in the comments below to
discuss but first my opinion I'm tarmac
and this is feature creep
it started in nineteen ninety one with
the NHL series of games gamers would
have the opportunity to pick up a new
title every year each game would become
steadily more complex than the last but
with no real major jumps in tech from
one year to the next NHL wasn't the only
culprit of this kind of madness though
FIFA started doing it in 1995 and madden
NFL has been doing it since 2003 now
there was some validity to doing this in
the old days as team rosters changed but
right now I'm sure we could update the
roster via DLC and have a new game maybe
every two years or so on a related topic
I'd be willing to bet more than half of
you have a plastic guitar sitting in a
dusty corner of your house somewhere
guitar hero was just as bad year over
year for the iterative style of content
why do I bring it up well the call of
duty series has had the official
announcement of ghosts do in November on
360 ps3 and pc as well as the next
generation consoles at an unannounced
later date I'll throw around a few
quotes for you riveting all new gameplay
next-generation call of duty engine
redefines the series how much do you
want to bet it's going to be another
plot light rail shooter whose single
player campaign is at or less than six
hours long designed primarily for the
multiplayer console gamers but with that
snazzy new hair graphics tech we saw in
Tomb Raider are they going to give us
larger areas with more freedom to move
it would be nice how about a campaign
that actually lets us use the awesome
gear like the one trick show ponies in
black ops 2 wingsuit stealth and
climbing gloves I'm looking at you and
now Lou be soft is doing the same thing
by jumping on the pirate bandwagon with
Assassin's Creed Black Flag all they
need is a zombies mode and their journey
towards the dark side will be complete
personally I felt Connor was a bit on
the weak side so hopefully they can put
some heavy riding behind Edward for a c4
treyarch an infinity ward do have one
thing going for them in the early
release schedule of the cod games though
since they each develop a different
subset of the franchise they can spend
two years working on a game and as long
as they alternate we can still see one
pumped out every year so I have to give
them credit for that but I think it's
high time we saw some real innovation in
the cod series instead of games like
black ops 2 which just served to show
how much money Activision has lying
around let's see a toolset and user
created maps how about a single-player
campaign that has less hand-holding and
scripting and more plot give me a
multiplayer game modes with team
objectives like protect the shipment in
transit infiltrate a military base may
be fighting on a commercial jet to keep
it in the air and if you have to put in
a zombies mode make the damn zombies
lethal instead of a joke dearly
iterations are only a bad thing to
as the company in question chooses not
to spend enough time making the title
stand out it does not have to be this
way what do you think about the endless
yearly versions of these franchises are
you in line every year ready for the
next one or do you skip a generation now
and then for the next feature creep I'd
also like to try a little experiment I'd
like to know what kind of topic you want
to see me cover so add that below like
and subscribe and I'll keep the content
coming that's all I have to say tarmac
out
you